Presidential contender Donald Trump has come under attack at a Republican debate, hours after being hammered by some of the party's veteran politicians.
The front-runner in the race to be the party's nominee took to the stage in Detroit with rivals Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz keen to make their mark.
Mr Rubio said Mr Trump deserved to be attacked because he had mocked others.
Many Republicans fear Mr Trump would lose November's presidential election.
The debate hosted by Fox News began with Mr Trump being asked about an attack earlier in the day by Mitt Romney, the 2012 nominee, who accused the businessman of bullying, greed and misogyny.
Calling him a "phony" and a "fraud", the former standard-bearer of the party said Mr Trump's policies - like the deportation of undocumented migrants and banning Muslims from entering the US - would make the world less safe.
On the debate stage, Mr Trump dismissed the criticism because Mr Romney was a "failed candidate", but he immediately found himself on the defensive from Mr Rubio.
The Florida senator said he was "not going to turn over the conservative movement to someone who thinks the nuclear triad is a rock band from the 1980s".
Other debate highlights:
Mr Rubio challenged Mr Trump on outsourcing his clothes line to China and Mexico
The businessman promised to move clothing manufacturing back to the US
Mr Cruz said Mr Trump has been part of the corruption in Washington that his supporters are angry about
The Texas senator also said Mr Trump wrote four cheques to get Clinton elected in 2008
Ohio Governor John Kasich said he was the "grown-up" on the stage who had the best chance against Democrat Hillary Clinton
Using a big screen with graphics, Fox host Chris Wallace challenged Mr Trump on whether his planned savings added up
In one of the most bizarre moments, Mr Trump defended the size of his hands and then quipped about another part of his anatomy.
There were plenty of personal insults from Mr Trump, who labelled one rival "little Rubio" and another "liar Ted".
The New York businessman was on the defensive about a civil lawsuit involving the collapse of Trump University.
And he was challenged by the Fox News panel for changing his stance on Syrian refugees, the war in Afghanistan and President George W Bush.
He replied: "I have a very strong core. But I've never seen a successful person who wasn't flexible, who didn't have a certain degree of flexibility."
Jump media playerMedia player helpOut of media player. Press enter to return or tab to continue.
Media captionThe Romney-Trump bromance turned sour
As well as Mr Romney, other senior Republicans like Paul Ryan, John McCain and a host of national security committee members have also attacked the New Yorker since he cemented his front-runner status on Super Tuesday.
Mr Trump, a billionaire with no experience of political office, has won 10 of the 15 states that have voted so far, with his promise to "make America great again".
Europe hates Trump - Analysis by the BBC's Katty Kay
When it comes to Trump, Europe is apoplectic. Fascinated, but appalled.
I'm sometimes asked by Americans what Brits make of Trump and the best analogy I can come up with is this:
Imagine if your much-respected but slightly annoying older sibling (the US) came home with a fantastically unsuitable date (Trump).
Part of you is titillated but part of you is appalled, thinking "oh my God, this could go horribly wrong"
Europe hates Trump - read Katty's article in full
With the effective departure of Ben Carson this week, the field of Republican candidates - once 17-strong - has now been narrowed to four.
On Thursday morning, Mr Trump predicted he would be assailed from all sides in the debate.
"I can't act overly presidential because I'm going to have people attacking from every side," he told NBC.
Jump media playerMedia player helpOut of media player. Press enter to return or tab to continue.
Media captionDonald Trump has broadened his appeal
The debate, sponsored by Fox News, is the first time Mr Trump has faced his rivals since winning seven states on Super Tuesday.
It also brought him face to face with presenter Megyn Kelly, whom he dismissed as a "bimbo" after they clashed in the first primary debate.
This time he was all smiles and he complimented her looks when he took her first question.
In the Democratic race, Hillary Clinton has 10 states, five more than rival Bernie Sanders.
The two will take to the debate stage in Flint, Michigan, on Sunday.Two thousand years ago a statue of a lion watched over a temple in the ancient Syrian city of Palmyra. More recently, after being excavated in the 1970s, it became an emblem of the city and a favourite with tourists. But it was one of the first things IS militants destroyed when they moved in last year.
It's said that there are more than 300 words for lion in Arabic. That's a measure of the importance of the lion in the history of the Middle East. For Bedouin tribes, the lion represented the biggest danger in the wild - until the last one in the region died, some time in the 19th Century.
The animal was feared and admired and this must explain why a statue of a lion twice as high as a human being, weighing 15 tonnes, was fashioned by artists in ancient Palmyra.
With spiralling, somewhat loopy eyes, and thick whiskers swept back angrily along its cheek bones, the lion was clearly a fighter, but it was also a lover. In between its legs, it held a horned antelope. The antelope stretched a delicate hoof over the lion's monstrous paws, and perhaps it was safe. The lion was a symbol of protection - it was both marking and protecting the entrance to the temple.
But no-one could protect the lion when IS arrived and wrecked it in May 2015.
"It was a real shock, because you know, in a way, it was our lion," says Polish archaeologist Michal Gawlikowski, whose team unearthed it in 1977.
Michal Gawlikowski and Khaled al-AsaadImage copyrightMichal Gawlikowski
Image caption
Michal Gawlikowski and the late Khaled al-Asaad, Palmyra's director of antiquities
For well over 1,000 years, the statue had lain buried in the ruins of the ancient city, though parts had been used as foundations stones in other buildings.
"You could hardly see what it was. I could see it was a sculpture and an old one for Palmyra, so we decided it was necessary to put it together immediately. It wasn't apparent from the beginning what this was - and then we found the head, and it became obvious."
An Arabic lesson
Here are 30 of the approximately 300 Arabic words for "lion":
Ghazhanfar, haidera, laith, malik al-ghaab (king of the jungle), qasha'am, asumsum, hatam, abu libdeh, hamza, nebras, basel, jasaas, assad, shujaa, rihab, seba'a, mayyas, khunafis, aabas, aafras, abu firas, qaswarah, ward, raheeb, ghadi, abu harith, dargham, hammam, usama, jaifer, qasqas...
Most describe different moods of the lion. For example, hatam the destroyer, rihab the fearsome, ghazhanfar the warrior, abu libdeh the one with the fur, or the mane.
As luck would have it, Michal had on his team that year the sculptor Jozef Gazy, who enthusiastically took on the job of restoring the lion.
By 2005, though, the lion had become unbalanced and another restoration job - again led by a Polish team - rebuilt the statue to resemble as closely as possible what is thought to be the ancient design, with the lion appearing to leap out of the temple wall.
The reassembly of the lion in 2005
After this it was placed in front of the Palmyra museum.
Across the left paw of the lion is a Palmyrene inscription: "May al-Lat bless whoever does not spill blood on this sanctuary."
The goddess al-Lat was a pre-Islamic female deity popular throughout Arabia, the descendant of earlier Mesopotamian goddesses such as Ishtar Inanna.
"Ishtar Inanna is goddess of warfare and also love and sex, particularly sex outside marriage," says Augusta McMahon, lecturer of archaeology at Cambridge University.
Al-Lat shared most of these attributes, and like Ishtar Inanna she was associated with lions.
"It's very interesting to find a lion and a female figure in such close association, and no male deities have the lion - so this is something which is unique to her," says McMahon.
The goddess al-LatImage copyrightAlamy
The region's kings, however, were keen to be associated with lions, even if male deities weren't.
Some of the earliest known representations of Mesopotamian leaders, from around 3,500 BC, depict them engaged in combat with the creatures.
Find out more
The Museum of Lost Objects traces the stories of 10 antiquities or ancient sites that have been destroyed or looted in Iraq and Syria
Listen to the episode about the Tell of Qarqur on Radio 4 from 12:00 GMT on Tuesday 1 March or get the Museum of Lost Objects podcast
Also in this series: The Winged Bull of Nineveh, the Temple of Bel, the Tell of Qarqur, and Aleppo's minaret
"They're not shown fighting or killing other people because that's almost demeaning," says Augusta McMahon. "They have to have a lion who is the not-quite-equal-but-near rival - because they're incredibly powerful and sort of unpredictable."
This tradition continues right up to the medieval and early modern period, when Islamic miniatures would often scenes of the hunt, of brave princes struggling with lions. The lion was both regal and untameable, the quintessence of strength and man's ultimate opponent.
And today, fathers still love to name their sons and heirs after this fearsome predator - Osama for example.
The family of Syria's current ruling dynasty went even further. Al-Assad means "the lion" and different stories are told about how, a few generations ago, they adopted this name.
One version says that Sulayman, great-grandfather of current president Bashar al-Assad, had been given the name al-Wahhish, or "the wild beast", because of his exploits while waging war on the Ottomans. This had negative connotations, though - so Sulayman swapped al-Wahhish for al-Assad "the lion".
In neighbouring Iraq, Saddam Hussein even more directly channelled the rulers of times gone by. Some of his fanciful propaganda - often seen in newspapers or even city billboards - would show him posing as an Assyrian king, trampling on lions while shooting at American missiles with a bow and arrow.
Saddam Hussein propaganda painting
But Saddam didn't have full control over his lion symbolism. One of the many words referring to lion in Arabic can connote "brazenness" and "audacity", and it was this lion-word that many Iraqis applied to him.
"The lion has several names and one of them is seba'a," says the Iraqi archaeologist Lamia al-Gailani. "It was considered one the worst things in the culture of the Iraqis this word seba'a because it gives license to be corrupt. When Saddam did things, people said [they were] seba'a and what he did was so wrong, so illegal, but he was able to get away with it."
For most people who went to Palmyra, the Lion of al-Lat provided a key photo opportunity. For London-based Syrian sculptor Zahed Tajeddin, it also provided artistic inspiration.
In the early 1990s Tajeddin held an exhibition in Germany where he produced miniature sculptures of his favourite archaeological monuments from Syria - including the lion - but by 2015 all had been sold.
Fatefully, though, during the week in May 2015 when IS took Palmyra and destroyed the Lion of al-Lat, he found the moulds.